feat: Add validateJsonLdId (#5)
openactive/dataset-utils: README.md

});
```

### `validateJsonLdId(id, expectHtml)`

#### Description
This function validates the `@id` (or `id`, for backwards compatibility) property within a JSON-LD `Dataset` or `DataCatalog`. It fetches JSON-LD data from a specified URL, checks whether the data is embedded in HTML or raw JSON-LD, extracts the JSON-LD, and ensures that the `@id` field within the document matches the provided `id`. This function acts as a safety check, affirming that the expected identifier aligns exactly with the identifier found within the fetched JSON-LD document. Note that `@id` is case sensitive and must match exactly.

#### Parameters
- `id` (string): A string that specifies the expected `@id` or `id` value in the JSON-LD document.

> - `expectHtml` (boolean): A boolean flag indicating whether the fetched data is expected to be embedded within HTML (when `true`) or expected to be raw JSON-LD (when `false`).

Reviewer: Why must this function also specify whether the document is JSON-LD vs HTML? It seems like the function could figure it out itself.

Do you have a use case in mind where users need to validate both the ID and the document type simultaneously? It seems like it would be simpler to seperate these concerns

Author: Ah I see now that the context isn't clear - Data Catalogue files are JSON-LD, where as Dataset Sites are HTML, and as this is validating it asserts one or the other depending on the context

#### Returns
A `Promise` that resolves with an object containing:
  - `isValid` - A boolean that is `true` if the validation is successful (the expected `@id` matches the found `@id`) and `false` otherwise.
  - `error` - A string describing the error encountered during the validation process or `null` if the validation is successful.

#### Usage
```javascript
async function exampleUsage() {
  const id = "https://example.com/data.jsonld";
  const { isValid, error } = await validateJsonLdId(id, false);

  if (isValid) {
    console.log(`Validation successful for ID: ${id}`);
  } else {
    console.error(`Validation failed for ID: ${id}. Error: ${error}`);
  }
}

> 

Reviewer: Code block needs to be closed

});
```

### `validateJsonLdId(id, expectHtml)`

#### Description
This function validates the `@id` (or `id`, for backwards compatibility) property within a JSON-LD `Dataset` or `DataCatalog`. It fetches JSON-LD data from a specified URL, checks whether the data is embedded in HTML or raw JSON-LD, extracts the JSON-LD, and ensures that the `@id` field within the document matches the provided `id`. This function acts as a safety check, affirming that the expected identifier aligns exactly with the identifier found within the fetched JSON-LD document. Note that `@id` is case sensitive and must match exactly.

#### Parameters
- `id` (string): A string that specifies the expected `@id` or `id` value in the JSON-LD document.
- `expectHtml` (boolean): A boolean flag indicating whether the fetched data is expected to be embedded within HTML (when `true`) or expected to be raw JSON-LD (when `false`).

> #### Returns
> A `Promise` that resolves with an object containing:
>   - `valid` - A boolean that is `true` if the validation is successful (the expected `@id` matches the found `@id`) and `false` otherwise.
>   - `error` - A string describing the error encountered during the validation process or `null` if the validation is successful.
> 
> #### Usage
> ```javascript
> async function exampleUsage() {
>   const id = "https://example.com/data.jsonld";
>   const { valid, error } = await validateJsonLdId(id, false);
> 
>   if (valid) {
>     console.log(`Validation successful for ID: ${id}`);
>   } else {
>     console.error(`Validation failed for ID: ${id}. Error: ${error}`);
>   }
> }
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
#### Returns
A `Promise` that resolves with an object containing:
  - `isValid` - A boolean that is `true` if the validation is successful (the expected `@id` matches the found `@id`) and `false` otherwise.
  - `error` - A string describing the error encountered during the validation process or `null` if the validation is successful.

#### Usage
```javascript
async function exampleUsage() {
  const id = "https://example.com/data.jsonld";
  const { isValid, error } = await validateJsonLdId(id, false);

  if (isValid) {
    console.log(`Validation successful for ID: ${id}`);
  } else {
    console.error(`Validation failed for ID: ${id}. Error: ${error}`);
  }
}
```
```
